{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab543
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Samheeta Mistry 		 CIST 004A\
Enter a letter grade. Type N when finished: A+\
This grade cannot be calculated with this sign. \
How many units is this class? 3\
\
Enter a letter grade. Type N when finished: +B\
You entered an invalid letter. \
\
Enter a letter grade. Type N when finished: b+\
How many units is this class? 5\
\
Enter a letter grade. Type N when finished: E\
You entered an invalid letter. \
\
Enter a letter grade. Type N when finished: A\
How many units is this class? 4\
\
Enter a letter grade. Type N when finished: c%\
You entered an invalid grade. \
\
Enter a letter grade. Type N when finished: c-\
How many units is this class? -1\
The number you inputted was invalid. Please reenter the number of units: 1\
\
Enter a letter grade. Type N when finished: F-\
This grade cannot be calculated with this sign. \
How many units is this class? 1\
\
Enter a letter grade. Type N when finished: d\
How many units is this class? 46\
The number you inputted was invalid. Please reenter the number of units: 4\
\
Enter a letter grade. Type N when finished: A\
How many units is this class? 45\
\
Enter a letter grade. Type N when finished: B\
How many units is this class? 0.5\
\
Enter a letter grade. Type N when finished: N\
Your overall GPA is: 3.649\
Program ended with exit code: 0}